1. improving jsonToText class to get relevant text from json.
2. improving text formatting.
3. integrating firebase script to get a new word by dictionary letter sorting if json file is effecting file size relevantly.
4. making an Oxford class for extra code. -- DONE
5. disintegrating firebase database and using json instead for getting new word. --DONE
6. integrating english-english-hindi dictionary support.
7. integrating other languages provided by the api.
8. integrating pronunciation text. -- DONE
9. saving word of the day as cache to save word calls with oxford api. -- DONE
10. finding core word using lemmas endpoint. -- DONE
11. not working with word 'thought'. -- DONE
12. using the words endpoint with api for inflections when using developer plan - at that time instead of calling for lemmas from
    TrySimilarWords -- call for words endpoint. -- DONE
13. calling related word in text of searched word in tabview both on card and main activity on double tap.
14. making dictionary card full width size when loading -- CURRENT SITUATION -- it is 70dp.
15. support for language-language-language2 by translation endpoint and words endpoint for inflected words will be given with developer account.
16. calling 4 calls on lemmas.
17. add recent searches to searchbar.
18. If internet goes down in between, app crashes.
19. integrating pronunciation function by card (to be called via process text intent) -> just get audio file and inside of app - tap any word,
    and like clicking define click pronunciate.
20. A/B TESTING -> Dialects and audio settings is currently in settings page, try A/B testing by adding it on the dictionary page like
    a chip button clicking on which a list comes and you can select every time which dialect you want to hear at that time easily. It
    gives you the feature that by changing dialect from list, you can hear both at the same page as they are both loaded on the page.
21. Develop tablet flavors.
22. All Json solver classes for different endpoints can be changed in a single Json solver class with checking by null values.
23. On clicking too many times audio buttons, it repeats it too much, it should say it only one time.
24. Improving word json solver, specifically for grammatical features is in searching form of the query word.
25. Save the audio file. -- DONE
26. Getting definition of null when word not found (ERROR). -- DONE
27. Changing drawerLayout icon's color.
28. Share option not coming in android 5.0 in mainactivity text selection.
29. For tablets should come from right and stay at the right.
30. optimising text size of etymology card relative to page text size when page text size is changed in settings.
31. On searching 'programatically', there are only derivatives available, so add derivatives to JsonToText solver class.
32. On searching long word like 'instantaneously', in dictionary card dialect gets crushed and cannot be seen.
33. Making a) antonyms b) synonyms c) idioms d) sentences e) pronunciations f) examples finder app.
34. improving text colors so that relevant text found quickly.
35. Saved Text Text colors not responding to night mode. -- DONE
36. Static data is being shown up when new data not found like in etymologies and pronunciations, static data should be cleared up in each
    new instance of search.
37. Code can be minimized by taking many similar methods to application class.
38. In connectivity, if wifi is closed, it is not being recognised as network lost.
39. If connection is lost, wait for 2 seconds to check if connection is available using handler.
40. Code can be minimized by reducing boilerplate code.
41. If internet goes off a little late it is showing no such word found at that time instead of please check internet connection.
42. In Oxford's async task, Network error is being recognised with the help of e message, if e message is not same as the message like in
    case if server is not providing the data, if the message is different, the statement shown will be 'no such word found', for this it
    should be seen what error is thrown if server does not provide the data. If there is a server error - the message shown to user should
    be - "It's not your fault, it's us."
43. In dark mode search bar text color is white which on the light background becomes hard to see.
44. Instead of tweaking classes everytime make different classes of flavors relative to wotd json file and exclude them while building.
45. The default flavor should be full flavored.
46. If internet was off and wotd was called it saves text as please check your internet connection, at new instance or if data is available
    as soon, it should call the wotd and save it.
47. If wotd is no such word found hide it and display a tip like use hindi keyboard instead of it.
48. For removing network related errors, a refresh button will be better.
49. Give an advice to search in native language.
50. If ads give decent revenue, try A/B testing ads with showing ads on 3rd call using shared preferences to save call number.
51. Still having 'no such word found' error when network problems.
52. Word - vina - latvian - formatText error.

-------------------- thanks to ------>>

https://lottiefiles.com/tomfabre
https://lottiefiles.com/luisperez
<a href='https://www.freepik.com/vectors/logo'>Logo vector created by myriammira - www.freepik.com</a>
<div>Icons made by <a href="https://www.freepik.com" title="Freepik">Freepik</a> from <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/" title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a></div>

------------------flavor english playstore publish - pp1 wiki ->>

1) Enhance dark mode with latest dark mode documentation.
2) Give styles and click listeners to theme & style buttons in settings.
3) Still calling 4 calls on lemmas.
4) Restructure text and provide text style in main activity's page text.
5) Restructure dictionary card view.
6) app icon not showing in android oreo 8.1 .

search style ->> translate - entry - words - lemma - entry

-----------------------flavors ->>

1) all flavored -> choose query translater languages (in which you can put words.) - choose languages in which to get definition.
   (unflavored full version, can support multi-language results.)
2) Mono language flavors. (flavor convention -> mono lang)
3) bilingual flavors. (eg. get definitions both in english and hindi.) (flavor convention -> bilingual lang & lang)


----------------- todo (priority wise) ---->
1) Swipe to refresh. (still displaying no such word found when network connection error).
2) Merging Json Solver Classes (if mergeable).
3) making methods to reduce boilerplate code.
4) making bilingual class.